Legacy Notice: All information here is obsolete, however we keep our old art repository for anyone who is intressed.
To access our clean art collection see https://github.com/wtactics/art


// WTactics.org Developers Package
 - revision 3

Notice: The rev. number above is only correct when downloading this package as a tar-file from our website
WTactics.org. If you get our material from the /trunk at Bazaar it's always the latest version. In such a
case the rev. number can be seen at Bazaar: http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~snowdrop/wtactics/trunk/files


// INTRO

Welcome and thank you for downloading the WTactics Dev. Package. It contains all our resources at WTactics.org 
and empowers you and the community by giving you _everything_ you need to start contributing by creating new cards,
translations or new web content for our sites. 

WTactics is an truly free and open source CCG. It gives you great freedom, and with freedom comes responsibility:
Please refer to the README files in every dir for proper information about license(s), credits and other info.

We would love it if you wanted to help us out in _any way_ possible and would appreciate it if you contacted us
before doing so, allowing us all to make the best of our knowledge, skills and to co-ordinate the WTactics-project 
in general. 

Also feel free to send us any questions or thoughts - we like mail and read and answer it all when we get
a chance: contact@WTactics.org


// HOW TO USE OUR SVG FILES 

1. You need Inkscape (inkscape.org) to properly work with our SVG-files. Not illustrator, nor anything else
but Inkscape. Inkscape is a great open source vector program that kicks ass and is available for all major
platforms such as Linux, OS X & Windows. Inkscape is cross-platform and all the developers can co-work even
if some of them happen to use differnt operating systems.

2. After installing Inkscape you probably need to install the fonts we use for WTactics on your system.
When that is done you can start up Inkscape and open the SVG-files. (Notice: On some systems, and depending
on your personal configuration of the system, you may need to restart the whole OS for the fonts to be
recognized by the system / showing up in Inkscape.)

3. Some of our files (i.e. the SVG ones) often link to other files in the package. Because of that you
_must make sure_ that the directory structure of the dev. package is intact and looks exactly as it did when
you downloaded it. We use relative paths in Inkscape and suggest you do the same in order to make it easy for
others to use your work. In other words: Don't move, delete or rename any already existing files or dirs, and
all should go well. 

If you did everything correct in the above steps it should all work out now: Open Inkscape and then, from within
Inkscape, open up the SVG you want to work with. 


// CONTRIBUTE WITH YOU WORK

There are really only two ways you can help us out with WTactics, and both are equally important:

1. Donate money, so we can hire artists for new card artwork, pay bandwidth costs etc.
2. Work: Do something for the project. 

Either way youy should contact us now at contact@WTactics.org - we'd love to hear from you and have
you on our tream.


// PLEASE 

For the sake of clarity and simplicity we beg you to only share & spread this package using it's official name if it
is in it's orginal form with all of it's content intact and in it's original state. It will make life easier for all of
us and will help to keep the integrity of the project if there are only official versions around of the "WTactics Dev. Package".
If you want to assemble a custom dev. package or other packages you are free to do so, but please use a very different
name of it. Please note that you are always legally allowed to, among other things, share our work(s) found within the package
in accordabce to the works associated license(s).


// KEEP IN MIND

However you modify, contribute to or use the material in this package it would in most cases automatically become legally released
under one or several of the open source-licenses we use. Please read the licenses or contact us for answeres to your questions or
other information about these matters.

// REVISION INFO

The content of the "WTactics.org Developers Package" is the same as  in our Bazaar /trunk at https://launchpad.net/wtactics.

Because most mortals don't use sub-version systems and us wanting to keep the development as friendly, easy and open as possible
we have decided to release our trunk as a downloadable tar-package from our official site at http://www.WTactics.org/downloads  

The revision number of the "WTactics.org Developers Package" corresponds to whatever revision in the trunk it was a copy of.
The higher the number, the more up to date version you have of the package. That said, if you want to be certain you have the
latest files and the most recent progress you should download the file(s) you work with from the trunk instead of using the ones
in the tar-package.

We will keep updating the tar-package from time to time and wheenever huge and important changes have been done it, but don't do so
on a weekly or monthly basis.

If you have any questions about differences and revisions, please conact us or check out the /trunk: From there you can easily
download any and all files you're interested in.


// CONTACT

contact@WTactics.org

